[Music]
yeah gotcha
I'm here what is this you know some time
schedule let's go
what is this can you tell me what's
going on listen it's one of those things
that we talked about you couldn't do in
your playing it's an adventure it's
exciting I don't know why it is a big
part of me is worried really yeah you
know when you were playing though did
you feel like you were missing out loads
on stuff did you feel like I'd have to
do that stuff you can't do because of
insurance so you can't do anything
dangerous yeah
in South Africa the World Cup moving a
few Lots we're asking to guys swim
ashore you know what honestly I was like
Bernie's got injured what's he done he's
been eaten by a shark would you do that
though not in a million no I'm not doing
it one thing I have always thought of it
you arrived because you've been quite a
few clubs here seat like when I went to
villa for example stood on the coach
does I where do I stand where do I sit
sorry where's my seat I'd sign for like
a big club or somewhere and I'm going I
know where I want to be no where the
crack is that's where I'd like to be I'm
cynics to the physio
we've been in here a while now where are
you taking me it's just something fun I
don't know look at your face boy that's
a skydiver
[Music]
give it large situated about coming
there today now I'm myself more new
I think I've asked me today said why now
wondered why
glass clinking like the only what
toilets the level all that lets the felt
to stomp out don't divert cooler
[Music]
oh my god
boy she's a real
oh my good god
full bag is it shirt
Oh
good God
Oh delicious thank you me how good was
that fires happening my legs are gone
mad
that was a real shocked I think you're
tired now we can do these things let's
do the wall I think on review I think
now about sharks
[Music]